# Proposal## What will (likely) be the title of your project?Laser Counter## In just a sentence or two, summarize your project. (E.g., "A website that lets you buy and sell stocks.")A laser detection tool that counts the amount of people coming out of a room and notifies once they have all left. ## In a paragraph or more, detail your project. What will your software do? What features will it have? How will it be executed?Suing python and PYGame I’ll ask the user for input and once it’s run, my program will start the detection once everyone has entered a room. The features my tool will have is an on-screen monitor showing the decreasing number as well as a sound notification once everyone has left to include an auditory response. Once a user has input a number then my program will start to work and the user will just have to wait until the last person leaves without having to physically check themselves. ## If planning to combine 1051's final project with another course's final project, with which other course? And which aspect(s) of your proposed project would relate to 1051, and which aspect(s) would relate to the other course?TODO, if applicable## If planning to collaborate with 1 or 2 classmates for the final project, list their names, email addresses, and the names of their assigned TAs below.TODO, if applicable## In the world of software, most everything takes longer to implement than you expect. And so it's not uncommon to accomplish less in a fixed amount of time than you hope.### In a sentence (or list of features), define a GOOD outcome for your final project. I.e., what WILL you accomplish no matter what?A good outcome is simply being able to run this project without getting any system errors, that itself will be an accomplishment for me. ### In a sentence (or list of features), define a BETTER outcome for your final project. I.e., what do you THINK you can accomplish before the final project's deadline?A better outcome would be my code actually running and working even if the visible on-screen count down counterpart doesn’t end up working. ### In a sentence (or list of features), define a BEST outcome for your final project. I.e., what do you HOPE to accomplish before the final project's deadline?The best outcome would be everything working together and actually being able to implement this in the scenario that I thought it up for. My coach and teammates never know how many people are usually left in the locker room so we kind of just wait around to see and ask everyone that comes out late, but with this, it’ll make this situation a lot easier. ## In a paragraph or more, outline your next steps. What new skills will you need to acquire? What topics will you need to research? If working with one of two classmates, who will do what?My next steps are getting my hands on a working Raspberry Pi. I also need to do some research about working with a Raspberry Pi seeing as though I haven’t really worked with one before and I wouldn’t want to break it before actually starting my project. I’ll also need to familiarize myself with the PYGame software. 